Add a section about the redirection to the OIDC web-app docs (#10321)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-openid-connect-web-authentication.adoc

After clicking the `Login` button you should be redirected back to the application.

== Redirection

> When the user is redirected to the OpenID Connect Provider to authenticate, the redirect URL includes a `redirect_uri` query parameter which indicates to the Provider where the user has to be redirected to once the authentication has been complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the user is redirected to the OpenID Connect Provider to authenticate, the redirect URL includes a `redirect_uri` query parameter which indicates to the Provider where the user has to be redirected to once the authentication has been completed.
```

> Quarkus will set this parameter to the current request URL by default. For example, if the user is trying to access a Quarkus service endpoint at `http://localhost:8080/service/1` then the `redirect_uri` parameter will be set to `http://localhost:8080/service/1`. Similarly, if the request URL is `http://localhost:8080/service/2` then the the `redirect_uri` parameter will be set to `http://localhost:8080/service/2`, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quarkus will set this parameter to the current request URL by default. For example, if the user is trying to access a Quarkus service endpoint at `http://localhost:8080/service/1` then the `redirect_uri` parameter will be set to `http://localhost:8080/service/1`. Similarly, if the request URL is `http://localhost:8080/service/2` then the `redirect_uri` parameter will be set to `http://localhost:8080/service/2`, etc.
```

> OpenID Connect Providers may be configured to require that the `redirect_uri` parameter has the same value such as `http://localhost:8080/service/callback` for all the redirect URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenID Connect Providers may be configured to require the `redirect_uri` parameter to have the same value (eg. `http://localhost:8080/service/callback`) for all the redirect URLs.
```

> In such cases a `quarkus.oidc.authentication.redirect-path` property has to be set, for example, `quarkus.oidc.authentication.redirect-path=/service/callback`, and Quarkus will set the `redirect_uri` parameter an absolute URL such as `http://localhost:8080/service/callback` which will be the same irrespectively of the current request URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In such cases a `quarkus.oidc.authentication.redirect-path` property has to be set, for example, `quarkus.oidc.authentication.redirect-path=/service/callback`, and Quarkus will set the `redirect_uri` parameter to an absolute URL such as `http://localhost:8080/service/callback` which will be the same regardless of the current request URL.
```
